link to Lab reviewer checklist (#158)
carpentries/lesson-development-training: episodes/17-explanation.md

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Polishing a lesson

> You should not aim to make a polished lesson at the first attempt:
> keeping things relatively basic makes sense while you run through the first few iterations

Reviewer: The suggestion that you shouldn't try to have a polished lesson sounds a bit odd to me.  Maybe better to reword that it is an unreasonable expectation to have a perfect lesson the first time you teach it.

```suggestion
Lessons do not need to be perfected prior to teaching them the first time.
In fact, keeping things relatively basic leaves you some flexibility while you run through the first few iterations
```

> of teaching the lesson, collecting feedback, and usinhg that to guide improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of teaching the lesson, collecting feedback, and using that to guide improvements.
```
